README.md, before:

# Design Sandbox

Playing around with Gridsome and Tailwind CSS. Think of this project as a giant sandbox of design. The goal is to try out different ideas, and realize them in a real project.

## Complex Form

A form that can be seen in almost every cornet of the web. [View Settings Demo](https://design-sandbox.netlify.com/settings).

| Desktop                                                                                                                         | Mobile                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![localhost_8080_settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6123841/56866127-80702480-69de-11e9-8790-caa2bc94d3a8.png) | ![localhost_8080_settings (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6123841/56866156-da70ea00-69de-11e9-88ce-3d3a8d126fd7.png) |

Commit message:

docs(readme): add description for book

README.md, after:

# Design Sandbox

Playing around with Gridsome and Tailwind CSS. Think of this project as a giant sandbox of design. The goal is to try out different ideas, and realize them in a real project.

Examples are adapted from the wonderful book [Refactoring UI](https://refactoringui.com/book/).

## Complex Form

A form that can be seen in almost every cornet of the web. [View Settings Demo](https://design-sandbox.netlify.com/settings).

| Desktop                                                                                                                         | Mobile                                                                                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![localhost_8080_settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6123841/56866127-80702480-69de-11e9-8790-caa2bc94d3a8.png) | ![localhost_8080_settings (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6123841/56866156-da70ea00-69de-11e9-88ce-3d3a8d126fd7.png) |
